---
title: "1964.4.6 to 4.12"
imgsrc: "/img/journal/1964/04/06-12.jpg"
date: 1964-04-06
enddate: 1964-04-12
draft: false
---

<!-- fix pre-formatted input -->

Monday April 6
– Physical fitness testing begins
– Paid stars and stripes $3.70, including time
– Saw Move Over Darling at club

Tuesday April 7
– OB 1:40 PM(Doctor will induce labor when we say the word)
– Physical fitness testing
- took test myself:
Jump 19” and 21”
Push ups: 30
Sit-ups: 25
Run: 57 secs

Wednesday, April 8
– Physical fitness testing
– Rex and mommy went to pool
– Command luncheon
– Bought floor lamp, potty seat, one dozen diapers and poker chips
– Won over three dollars at poker our house – game continued when Rita went into labor at 9:29 PM and we left for dispensary. Reid owes me $2.50 paid back 27 April

– Baby boy born on roadside outside of Olngapo at 12:07 1/2 a.m. – 7 pounds, 13 3/4 ounces, 21 inches
Total labor: two hours 36 minutes. Place and circumstances:
–3/4 mile passt police road block; top of first stage of the mountain. Went on into hospital, stayed until about 2:30 AM, came home an ambulance. Visited Rita 2 o'clock to 4 o'clock, but didn't stay for evening hours. Bought gas one dollar $.33
– Played Scrabble at Helen and Joe's, with Bill Corbett and Franchot Palmer till 2215

Friday, April 10
– Cookout at Bob and Dee Taylor's (Missed– Visiting Rita)
– Visited Rita 6:30 PM two 835 p.m.. Tire flat on car upon leaving hospital(The tread list one which was due)
– Tentatively picked Wade Alan as a baby's name, subject to determination of ethnic derivation. Home at 2200

Saturday, April 11
– Had flat fixed $.25
– Confirms choice of Wade Alan. Rita and baby still in hospital. Visited 1330 – 1605 (took pictures)
– Bought gas $1.47
Saw the prize ate supper in solitude at the club
– Mario work; not paid
Mid watch– sleep in

Sunday, April 12
– Brought Rita and Wade home from hospital
– Filled out Filipino birth certificate form
– Tina worked despite it being Sunday

